---
title: Puck Luck
layout: post
published: true
---

Monday night, a few of the Shopify interns hiked our way over to Kanata to attend a Sens game against the L.A. Kings. The Kings were on a 9 game point streak which had shot them up to the top of the standings. The Sens on the other hand, had been struggling to defend their wild card position for the past couple of weeks and really needed this home win.

The first period went as expected with Los Angeles clearly being the better team. The Sens had a tough time matching their physicality and teamwork. After 20 minutes, the score was 1-0 for the Kings.

The flow of the next 20 minutes went pretty much the same way with the Kings handling most of the play. The score however didn't reflect it. Somehow, the Sens managed to score 4 straight goals in a period of 8 shots, finishing the game with a 5-3 victory.

It was obvious at this point that periods like this have been the reason the Sens have survived this season. Puck Luck. They don't get many chances each game but when they do, they make sure to capitalize. Combined with the fact that Craig Anderson is such a consistent and solid goaltender, we manage to squeeze our way to victory against these top teams.

The final shot count was 36 to 21 in favor of the Kings. At this point in writing, the Sens have the most shots against in the league and 4th least shots for. Yet they remain in the top half of the league points-wise. Typically, shots differential and winning percentage are tightly correlated. However, miracles like this game and all of the second half of last season are why I love this sport.

As the Proline commercial always says,

> Anything can happen, anyone can win.

Statistics mean shit. Never play with a losing attitude.
